it is 2035 10 years after the battle of
the breach
in which the inter-dimensional portal
created by the precursors
through which they sent marauding kaijo
was closed
former jaeger pilot jake pentecost son
of battle of the breach hero stacker
pentecost makes a living by stealing and
selling jaeger parts on the black market
in the los angeles area
after he tracks part of a disabled
jaeger's power core to the secret
workshop of fifteen-year-old jaeger
enthusiast amara namani
both are arrested by the pan pacific
defense corps ppdc
following an altercation between amara's
originally made small
single pilot jaeger scrapper and the
police jager november ajax
a holographic transmission of jake's
adoptive sister and ppdc secretary
general mako mori persuades him to
return to ppdc as an instructor
with amara as his recruit arriving at
the china shatter dome
jake starts training jaeger program
cadets with his estranged former
co-pilot nate lambert
nate and mako reveal to him that the
jaeger program is threatened by the shao
corporation's new drone program
which offers to mass-produce jaeger
drones developed by xiao luan and dr
newton newt geisler
mako is due to deliver a final
assessment to determine the approval of
the drones at a ppdc council meeting in
sydney
but is killed by rogue yeager obsidian
fury during an altercation with the
latter and gypsy avenger
jake and nate's yeager before she can
report
her death prompts the ppdc council to
authorize and deploy the drones
immediately
moments before her death mako had
transmitted the location of a defunct
jager production facility in siberia
jake and nate travel there in gypsy
avenger but obsidian fury destroys the
complex and engages them in another
battle
upon destroying its reactor they find
that obsidian fury was piloted by a
kaiju's secondary brain
which testing shows was grown on earth
when the drones reach their respective
locations
their piloting operations are hijacked
by cloned kaiju brains secretly mounted
on board
the kaiju jaeger hybrids simultaneously
attack all pacific rim shatter domes
inflicting heavy casualties on ppdc
forces and incapacitating almost all
jaegers
hermann gottlieb and newt try to disable
the drones but herrmann discovers that
newt is behind the attack when he
commands the kaiju jaeger hybrids to
open multiple breaches across the
pacific rim
newt's mind has been taken over by the
precursors who forged a link when he
drifted with kaiju brains in the
previous movie and orchestrated mako's
assassination to ensure his plan would
proceed
although xiao is able to destroy the
drones closing the breaches
three kaiju named rajin hakuja and
shrikhthorn had already emerged and
reached tokyo
the team realizes that the precursor's
true goal is to activate the ring of
fire by detonating mount fuji with the
kaijus blood
spreading toxic gas into the atmosphere
and wiping out all life on earth while
terraforming the planet for precursor
colonization
the cadets are mobilized while gottlieb
and xiao repair the ppdc's four
salvageable
jaegers jake and nate's jaeger gypsy
avenger is joined by guardian bravo
piloted by cadets suresh and ilya saber
athena
cadets renata and raioichi and the three
pilot bracer phoenix
cadetsamara victoria and jin hai
gottlieb develops kaiju blood-powered
rockets which launch the team to tokyo
although the jaegers initially repel the
three kaijo newt merges them into a mega
kaiju using robotic parasites from one
of xiao's factories
the creature quickly overpowers the
yeagers injures nate
and cadets ilya renata and ryuichi and
kills suresh
three of the four jaegers are destroyed
leaving gypsy avenger as the only
operational jaeger
jake and amara replacing nate piloted
against the mega kaijo with xiao remote
piloting scrapper and aiding them by
locating a rocket and welding it to
gypsy
which sends the jager with scrapper
holding on into the atmosphere and
free-falling back to earth
colliding into the mega kaiju and
killing it while jake and amara survive
by transferring to scrapper
angered by the mega kaiju's failure newt
tries to flee
but is knocked out and captured by nate
in a mid-credits cut scene
newt now in custody threatens that their
victory is meaningless because the
precursors will keep sending attacks
but jake replies that humanity will soon
be the ones attacking the precursors
[Music]
you